How does Batman schedule his roster of sidekicks?
With a round robin scheduler.

I'm feeling a little nostalgic for git reset.
That takes me back.

A neurologist was diagnosing a patient who lost his ability to do basic math.
"What’s 9 plus 9?”
“12.”
“What’s 8 and 8?”
“10.”
The doctor shook his head. “Very interesting. What about 6 times 5?”
The man thought for a second, and answered “1E.”
“Aha, I’ve figured it out!” The doctor said. “Somebody’s clearly put a hex on you.”

Witty Technical Answers
Q: What is a variable?
A: "A value that changes based on conditions, like my estimated completion time for this project".
Q: How do you get "unstuck" on a hard problem?
A: "I explain it to a rubber duck. If that doesn't work, I buy a second duck".
Q: What is your biggest weakness?
A: "I often forget that I'm not supposed to rewrite the entire codebase just to change a button color".
Q: How do you handle bugs?
A: "I don't have bugs. I have unexpected, surprise features". 

Answers to Quirky Questions
Q: If you were a song, which one would you be?
A: " 'Under Pressure' by Queen—both because of the deadlines and because it’s a classic".
Q: Should ghosts be fast or slow?
A: "Slow, definitely. It makes them easier to optimize for a better user experience".
Q: What would you ask if you were interviewing yourself?
A: "Well, I'm out of questions. Uh... what would you ask if you were interviewing yourself?" (Demonstrates recursion). 

Handling "The Interviewer"
Q: Can you start tomorrow?
A: "Only if your coffee machine supports remote branch merging".
Q: Rate your skills from 1-10.
A: "I would say 8, but that is assuming the scale is logarithmic, not linear!". 

What do you call software that kills some one?
Code-blooded murderer

What did the .NET developer name their boat?
Sea Sharp

I like my coffee like I like my IDEs…
Dark and free

What’s a better name for Frontend Developers?
<div>elopers

Which Hogwarts house is able to communicate securely?
SSLytheryn

You know how a hacker escapes the FBI?
\FBI

What’s the difference between a delicious dinner and a slow computer?
One’s a rack of lamb and the other’s a lack of RAM.

What is a software developer’s favorite herb?
Parsley

What is a web developer’s favorite tea?
URL Grey

What do toll booths and Microsoft have in common?
They’re both bill gates

What’s a programmer’s favorite horror movie?
The XORcist
or
The BLOB

What do you call people who used the internet before it was cool?
Httpsters

What does an embedded systems programmer eat for breakfast?
“char i/o”s

Why do opticians hate Microsoft software developers?
Because they C#

Why aren't frontend developers humble?
They display: flex;

You know what screams “I’m insecure”?
http://

Why did the programmer cross the road?
To get to the other IDE

What did Peter Parker do after he lost his job as a photographer at the Daily Bugle?
He transitioned into web development.

Why was a web developer’s boat always sinking?
They had too many anchors.

Why are i and j are good sources of information?
Because they’re always in the loop

How did pirate communicate before the internet?
pier-to-pier networking

Why do software developers use dark themes?
Because bugs are attracted to the light.

Why do SQL developers have one of the highest rates of divorce?
Because they have one-to-many relationships.

What’s a programmer’s favorite beverage?
soda.pop()

What is a programmer’s favorite kind of dog?
Computer Labs.

What do you call a group of eight hobbits?
A hobbyte

Why do web developers wear glasses?
To improve their site.

Why did the IRS decide to investigate a software company that makes command line interpreters?
It’s a shell company.

What’s the easiest way to find a public bathroom?
Look up the IP address

